---
title: "Academic Journey Reflection"
---

My academic journey at ACU has been anything but direct. At first, I wanted to go "anywhere but ACU," yet I arrived here regardless. I wanted to study Computer Engineering at a larger, less liberal arts, university. Yet here I am studying Computer Science at a small liberal arts, Christian university. It has been a long stream of choices compounding on eachother, and I'm not sure that I have made them all free of regret.

In terms of choices of institution, I was originally planning on going to either Colorado School of Mines (for the engineering and mountains), or SMU (the Dallas engineering pipeline). The School of Mines was soured to me when I toured and everyone seemed miserable (right before Spring Break), and SMU just seemed too "high brow" for my tastes. I don't know if I'd say I settled for the easy "given" option of ACU, but I do sometimes feel like I settled. Its a hard feeling to explain and rationalize, the question of where I'd be if I only left Abilene? Especially now that I am starting a career that will likely lead me to success, but at the cost of remaining in my hometown for the forseeable future.

I started at ACU as an Electrical Engineering major, with a minor in Computer Science, fairly typical for an EE major. Taking a look at the departments and courses available, it looked like a more adequate fit for the Computer Engineering route I was originally interested in. However, upon the first semester of engineering courses, I was looking forward in the degree path and saw many classes that I honestly had no interest in. At the time, the engineering department just had the one Engineering Major, with several concentrations, requiring a larger degree of interdisciplinary study. Thus, there was a large amount of thermal dynamics, fluids, and mechanical systems that I honestly did not feel excited about whatsoever. Then, I look across the fence at the Computer Science majors, and I see several classes that I felt very passionate about, such as Operating Systems, Compilers, Networking, and Computer Graphics. I made a, mildly, impulsive decision to completely upend my degree plan in order to dodge the fluids classes I didn't care for and have a broader ability to take the CS courses I had an interest in. Had I stuck with Electrical Engineering for one more semester, and found out about the split into multiple degree programs, I don't know if I would have made that choice again.

However this is where I am, and its not without its bright sides. I have taken (some of) those computer science classes I cared so much about, and a few more I did enjoy. I was able to fit study abroad into my schedule, which I wouldn't have been able to do as an engineering student. Though I've always felt a bit disconnected from both departments, due to switching majors off cycle I was rarely with my own cohort in CS, and I was quickly left behind my peers in engineering, which made for an occasionally solitary academic experience. The projects have been great, and my professors have been generally amazing. The cocurricular activities and organizations I've participated in have truly made the academic experience here exceptional.

Reading my writings back as I write them, I come across as very melancholic about my time at ACU. Maybe that's due to the thoughts I have been having over the past few months as my time here has come to a close. Thinking about the uncertain future ahead of me, and the choices I've made behind. I've had a lot of fun, and I think I've learned and done a lot, but for whatever reason I struggle to find the perspective with which to think back on it. Regardless, graduation is coming soon, and the rest of my life will follow behind it. I hope to do well, and I think I've prepared myself for it.